README.md, before:

aTGC Analysis
========


This is the analysis code for anomalous triple gauge couplings at 13 TeV using CMSSW framework.

Setup Instructions
------------------

```
# Setup CMSSW
cmsrel CMSSW_8_0_28
cd CMSSW_8_0_28/src
cmsenv

# Necessary for doing MET corrections, see https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/viewauth/CMS/MissingETUncertaintyPrescription
git cms-merge-topic -u cms-met:METRecipe_8020_for80Xintegration

# HEEP electron ID, see https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/CMS/HEEPElectronIdentificationRun2
# brings in HEEP V70 into VID:
git cms-merge-topic Sam-Harper:HEEPV70VID_8010_ReducedCheckout
# for other E/gamma IDs in VID if you wish to have them:
git cms-merge-topic ikrav:egm_id_80X_v3
# we need this for the mva weights which runs in VID regardless if you need it or not:
mkdir -p ../external/slc6_amd64_gcc530/data/RecoEgamma/ElectronIdentification/ 
# we need this for the mva weights which runs in VID regardless if you need it or not:
git clone git@github.com:cms-data/RecoEgamma-ElectronIdentification ../external/slc6_amd64_gcc530/data/RecoEgamma/ElectronIdentification/data

# Checkout aTGC analysis code
git clone -b 80X git@github.com:muhammadansariqbal/aTGCsAnalysis.git

# Compile
scram b -j 10

# PDF variation map may need to be updated
vi aTGCsAnalysis/TreeMaker/plugins/PDFVariationMap.h

# Jobs can be submit and retrieved using python scripts
cd aTGCsAnalysis/Common/test/
python submit_jobs.py
python retrieve_jobs.py

# Compile the plotting code
cd aTGCsAnalysis/Common/test/Plotting/
make

# Add weight samples after putting in right luminosity
vi CMSLumi.cpp
cd ..
root -l addWeightSamples.cpp+

# Draw
cd Plotting
./draw <arguments>

# Allowed options:
  --help                produce help message
  --channel arg         channel to be used: ele or mu
  --CR arg              control region to make plots with
  --output arg          tag for the output directory
  --input arg           name of input directory
  --withMC              use Monte Carlo or not
  --withData            use data or not
  --withSignal          draw signal or not
  --withSystematics     calculate systematics or not. If not statistical uncertainties are calculated and drawn.
  --wantToWriteHists    to write histograms to the local file

An example below makes plots in the ttbar control region in the electron channel with data, Monte-Carlo, signal and no systematics :
./draw --CR ttbar --channel ele --output ttbar_CR --input /afs/cern.ch/work/m/maiqbal/private/aTGC/Samples_80X_Working/ --withSignal --withMC --withData
```

Commit message:

Added L1ECAL prefiring weights to treemaker.

README.md, after:

aTGC Analysis
========


This is the analysis code for anomalous triple gauge couplings at 13 TeV using CMSSW framework.

Setup Instructions
------------------

```
# Setup CMSSW
cmsrel CMSSW_8_0_28
cd CMSSW_8_0_28/src
cmsenv

# Necessary for doing MET corrections, see https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/viewauth/CMS/MissingETUncertaintyPrescription
git cms-merge-topic -u cms-met:METRecipe_8020_for80Xintegration

# HEEP electron ID, see https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/CMS/HEEPElectronIdentificationRun2
# brings in HEEP V70 into VID:
git cms-merge-topic Sam-Harper:HEEPV70VID_8010_ReducedCheckout
# for other E/gamma IDs in VID if you wish to have them:
git cms-merge-topic ikrav:egm_id_80X_v3
# we need this for the mva weights which runs in VID regardless if you need it or not:
mkdir -p ../external/slc6_amd64_gcc530/data/RecoEgamma/ElectronIdentification/ 
# we need this for the mva weights which runs in VID regardless if you need it or not:
git clone git@github.com:cms-data/RecoEgamma-ElectronIdentification ../external/slc6_amd64_gcc530/data/RecoEgamma/ElectronIdentification/data

# Only if we want to include L1ECAL pre-firing, include L1ECALPrefiring from https://github.com/lathomas/cmssw/tree/L1Prefiring_8_0_32/L1Prefiring/EventWeightProducer and uncomment the lines in the analysis code afterwards. Copy the input histogram in files directory to aTGCsAnalysis/TreeMaker/data.

# Checkout aTGC analysis code
git clone -b 80X git@github.com:muhammadansariqbal/aTGCsAnalysis.git

# Compile
scram b -j 10

# PDF variation map may need to be updated
vi aTGCsAnalysis/TreeMaker/plugins/PDFVariationMap.h

# Jobs can be submit and retrieved using python scripts
cd aTGCsAnalysis/Common/test/
python submit_jobs.py
python retrieve_jobs.py

# Compile the plotting code
cd aTGCsAnalysis/Common/test/Plotting/
make

# Add weight samples after putting in right luminosity
vi CMSLumi.cpp
cd ..
root -l addWeightSamples.cpp+

# Draw
cd Plotting
./draw <arguments>

# Allowed options:
  --help                produce help message
  --channel arg         channel to be used: ele or mu
  --CR arg              control region to make plots with
  --output arg          tag for the output directory
  --input arg           name of input directory
  --withMC              use Monte Carlo or not
  --withData            use data or not
  --withSignal          draw signal or not
  --withSystematics     calculate systematics or not. If not statistical uncertainties are calculated and drawn.
  --wantToWriteHists    to write histograms to the local file

An example below makes plots in the ttbar control region in the electron channel with data, Monte-Carlo, signal and no systematics :
./draw --CR ttbar --channel ele --output ttbar_CR --input /afs/cern.ch/work/m/maiqbal/private/aTGC/Samples_80X_Working/ --withSignal --withMC --withData
```
